fix(curriculum): improve description and tests descriptions (#42387)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/closest-pair-problem.md

<strong>endif</strong>
</pre>

For the input, expect the argument to be an array of `Point` objects with `x` and `y` members set to numbers. Return an object containing the key:value pairs for `distance` and `pair` (the pair of two closest points).

For example `getClosestPair` with input array `points`:

```js
const points = [
  new Point(1, 2),
  new Point(3, 3),
  new Point(2, 2)
];
```

Would return:

```js
{
  distance: 1,
  pair: [
    {
      x: 1,
      y: 2
    },
    {
      x: 2,
      y: 2
    }
  ]
}
```

> **Note:** In the `pair` array, sort poinits by the `x` coordinate, incrementing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Sort the `pair` array by their `x` values in incrementing order.
```

Author: Suggestion is definitely better :+1:
